docs(selects): update readonly example description (#13454)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/components/selects.md

#### Readonly

> You can use read-only with `v-select`, but it looks default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the **read-only** prop on `v-select` which will prevent a user from changing its value.
```
